FAQ:

>What do the Tiers even mean?


Tier A are the Big dogs. They reach and win the Grand Finals of premier events.
Tier 1 it's where the big teams are, teams playing beautiful DotA with players who have a big fanbase. They can win Majors.
Tier 2 is where the stable teams are located. They are going to minors with a shot at winning them, and it would be a BIG upset if they won a Major, but it could happen on a cinderella run.
Tier 3 is where the recognizible teams are. We see them in the qualifyiers and they hope to make it big

>Team "A" and Team "B" in the same tier?


There are levels within tiers, How up or down a Team is within their tier matters. For example, the teams close to the line between Tier 1 and 2 are the so called Tier 1,5(so "not real Tier 1" for some). Tiers are only clear divisions on having won a lan/reach finals, qualifying to lans and win games, player potential.


>Tier A is retarded, why not have that be the Tier 1 and move everything else.


I been doing these for a while and I've gone back and forth. The Teams in Tier 1 are proper Top-Teams and it woulnd't be super shocking if they won a Major. Tier A, however, are clearly better teams than the rest. They can have bad tournaments but they are the clear favorites going in. 


>Wait until "foo" Tournament to make lists / I think "bar" Team should be higer because 3 years ago it was incredibly dominant


The image has a date for a reason, teams go up and down. You can see https://imgur.com/a/bXD59 for the previous images and how teams have changed.


>Why is "My" Team lower/higher than "Other" Team if they just lost this series...


>Team "Biased against" on Tier "Good"? They just got trashed in this tournament...


Tiers are more than just the recent Bo3 between 2 teams or the latest showing... Or one good/bad tournament. Teams can have a bad showings for a variety of reasons. THAT SAID. Majors and Minors count more than other tournaments. 


>You're clearly biased for "H" team, "J" region


Frankly; I don't like EG ~~and OG~~ and I'm okay with OG since the incredibly defensive Captain is gone. I also used to hate on Secret, but now... fucking Matumbaman, man... I'm so conflicted. I'm also a big fan of Liquid (for a while now, since Fata and Jerax. I should had changed my flair a while back, I don't mean to do it now since I don't wanna be a bandwagon jumper), I hope Dendi gets a comeback story I've become a beastcoast suporter as I'm a big sucker for underdogs like the Tier 2-3 Scene. So there.


>Bottom Tier 2 and Tier 3 is totally wrong! This team...


Yeah, I admit there might be teams I don't look as closely in Tier 4. ALSO, since the season just started, my formula/spreed sheet is totally not calibrated, VP collapsing and teams being absent is not helping.


>This is bullshit.


aint r/dota for shitposting?